README.md, before:

<!--- FIXME: Pick an emoji! --->
# 🌻 opensource-template

<!--- FIXME: Update crate and repo names here! --->
[![Build Status](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/template/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/template/actions?workflow=CI)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tame-oauth.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/tame-oauth)
[![Docs](https://docs.rs/tame-oauth/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/tame-oauth)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributor%20covenant-v1.4%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![Embark](https://img.shields.io/badge/embark-open%20source-blueviolet.svg)](https://embark.dev)

Template for creating new open source repositories that follow the Embark open source guidelines.

## TEMPLATE INSTRUCTIONS

1. Create a new repository under EmbarkStudios using this template.
1. __Title:__ Change the first line of this README to the name of your project, and replace the sunflower with an emoji that represents your project. 🚨 Your emoji selection is critical.
1. __Badges:__ In the badges section above, change the repo name in each URL. If you are creating something other than a Rust crate, remove the crates.io and docs badges (and feel free to add more appropriate ones for your language).
1. __CI:__ In `./github/workflows/` rename `rust-ci.yml` (or the appropriate config for your language) to `ci.yml`. And go over it and adapt it to work for your project
1. __Cleanup:__ Remove this section of the README and any unused files (such as configs for other languages) from the repo.

## Contributing

We welcome community contributions to this project.

Please read our [Contributor Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on how to get started.

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
* MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Fix README template (#1)
* Fix README template

* Checkout submodules as well

* Add deny config

* Fill out cargo manifest

* More release prep

* Add release config

* Split publish check

README.md, after:

# 🛠 spirv-tools

[![Embark](https://img.shields.io/badge/embark-open%20source-blueviolet.svg)](https://embark.dev)
[![Embark](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-ark-%237289da.svg?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/dAuKfZS)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/spirv-tools.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/spirv-tools)
[![Docs](https://docs.rs/spirv-tools/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/spirv-tools)
[![dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/EmbarkStudios/spirv-tools/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/EmbarkStudios/spirv-tools)
[![Build status](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/spirv-tools/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/spirv-tools/actions)

This crate is an unofficial wrapper for [SPIR-V Tools], its primary use case is for the [rust-gpu] project.

## Status

This is a very rough wrapper around the assembler, validator, and (most of the) optimizer tools available from [SPIR-V Tools], which is enough for the current needs of the [rust-gpu] project. See that project's code for more thorough usage examples.

## Contributing

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributor%20covenant-v1.4-ff69b4.svg)](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

We welcome community contributions to this project.

Please read our [Contributor Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on how to get started.

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
* MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

[SPIR-V Tools]: https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Tools
[rust-gpu]: https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/rust-gpu
